Check it out here: https://slider-salaarshafi.netlify.app/

This is a reviews slider which changes the reviews automatically after a set interval. You can also sift through the reviews normally by clicking on the next and previous arrow icon buttons. The npm icons library has been installed for making the icons available and placing these icons in button tags and therefore displaying these icons as the buttons.

The reviews slides are all returned in the jsx element but only one of them is visible. This functionality is achieved by assigning classes that determine each reviews position and instead of not displaying them alltogeather the opacity is changed to nil in order so that it can not be seen in the non active slide's assigned class's opacity property. 

The data is imported from another file. This data is an array which is mapped and the map function inturn returns an array of html elements which are the reviews. As mentioned above the positions and opacity of these reviews is controlled by ternary operators that compares a value state which is the slide number that should be shown, to the index of each review and returns the active class or the next slide class or the previous slide class to the className attribute of each html tag.

The active slide is the slide actively visible between the next and previous icon buttons with the active class which has an opacity property of 1. The position is also set by this same class. The previous slide is the slide with a position to the left of the page and no opacity and is returned to the className of the review that has an index previous to the current reviews index by the nested ternary operator. The next slide is on the right side of the page and also has an opacity of 0. All other reviews get this class.

These above mentioned classes are assigned using ternary operators in the className attribute which first compares each reviews index to the current value state. The unique review which matches the value state gets returned the active class, if not another ternary operator is run which establishes whether the index of the reviews is less than 1 to the current value state, if yes it gives a unique review which matches this criteria the previous slide class and the rest of the reviews are given the next slide class.

The next and previous arrow buttons which get their arrow icons from the installed icons library run functions which increment or decrement the value state. The increment function first checks whether the value state is equal to the last index of the data array if so it sets the value state to 0 so that the reviews are looped and the program does not not return any review. If not it simply decrements the value state.

The useEffect hook is used for the automatic sliding functionality of the reviews. It sets the setInterval function and after every interval set by this setInterval function the increment function is run. The useEffect is sensitive to the value state hence after every change in it the interval is again set and the value state changes subsequently and the useEffect does it all over again hence giving us the infinite motion of slides, however we must return removeInterval function so that a stack of interval functions is not created which change the value state at their own time interval which can cause the value state to change before real time interval again and again perpetually, changing even faster.
